Downloaded from
YTS.MX
*
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
Woman:
Housekeeping.
*
- (chattering)
- (phones ringing)
Oh...
Next time. I'm giving you
a ticket. Ralph.
You wanted
to see me. Captain?
Bailey. take a seat.
Great.
Nice job
on the Collymore case.
Ah. Thank you. sir.
Heaven knows what made you sift
through 1600 personnel files
to find the only two employees
who both studied botany.
I was just being thorough.
Well. that's one word for it.
"Obsessive" might be another.
I'm not obsessive.
The devil is
in the details. sir.
You know. you could've asked
Sergeant Beaumont
to help you with that.
Oh. he was busy with other
aspects of the case.
What other aspects?
Beaumont tells me you barely
let him make coffee.
I let him do things.
Bailey. you're a great detective
and you get results.
but you've got to learn how to
work well with other people.
I do work well
with other people.
Not according to Beaumont
or Reynolds or Whittaker.
You've been through three
partners in three years
and all because you insist on
doing everything yourself.
Right. because I just like
things done correctly.
Bailey. have you ever wondered
why you haven't had
a promotion in five years?
If you want to get ahead.
you gotta... loosen the reins.
you gotta learn how
to be a little flexible.
I can be flexible.
Well. we'll see.
Have you heard of Mark Aston?
Any relation to Senator Aston?
Yeah. his brother.
and he's dead.
Possibly suspicious. yesterday.
Wait. Why are we just
hearing about this?
It happened in Malta.
Oh.
Yeah. quite the
jet-setters. the Astons.
proper global socialites.
Anyway. the Senator is insisting
that we send our best detective.
Really? Interesting.
It's being coordinated
through Interpol.
But. uh. I don't know. Bailey.
could you work with
someone in Malta?
Sir. I can work with anyone.
Well. they might do things
a little different there.
You might have to go
with the flow a little bit.
Oh. I can go with the flow.
I can totally go with the flow.
Absolutely.
I mean. we don't even know for
sure if Aston was murdered.
I mean. he ran some kind of...
ballroom dance company.
for heaven's sake.
But if there was foul play.
this could be big for you.
career-wise.
what with Interpol watching.
I get it.
I get it. and I can--
I can absolutely do this.
Okay. Bailey.
I'll take a chance.
But you've got to tread lightly.
and remember. collaborate.
I can collaborate with anyone.
Thank you.
*
Thank you. sir.
Detective Constance Bailey?
Yes. Bailey is fine;
it's what everyone calls me.
Sergeant Spiteri?
Ana. Interpol asked me
to be your liaison.
Okay.
Very nice to meet you. Ana.
So. what's the plan?
Well. before you
check into the hotel.
I thought I'd share
with you some case details
and introduce you
to your partner.
Okay. great.
Is there any way my--
my jet lag could meet
some coffee along the way?
Sure. My car's just over there.
Okay. good.
(horn honking)
Man: Careful. love.
(brakes screeching)
Enjoy your stay!
(horn honking)
Can you believe that guy?
Sorry.
We drive on the left here.
I should have told you
to look the other way.
He was still going way too fast.
but I think I got the plate.
*
Ah. that's better.
All right. let's walk and talk.
Less ears that way.
So. two days ago. Mark Aston.
the CEO of Aston International.
is found dead
at the Iniala Hotel.
It's a resort
overlooking the Grand Harbor.
And his death is suspicious?
Well. he's a wealthy American
with no health issues.
He was found lying
on the floor of his room.
There was a glass
by his hand
with a few indications
of possible poisoning.
Do you have a toxicology report?
No. not yet.
It may take a few days.
but that may be too late.
What do you mean "too late"?
Aston was about to host his
team-building event.
where senior executives get to
compete in a dance competition.
A dance competition?
Yes. that is what
Aston International does.
They have ballroom
dance schools all over the world
and they hold annual dance
competitions around the world.
Have you not seen them before?
Sometimes they're on TV.
It's really not my thing.
Well. Aston believed
that his executives would
understand the business better
if they had
the opportunity to compete.
So. him and his wife hold
an annual dance competition.
The event is this weekend.
Then. everybody flies home.
But if it is murder. our
potential suspects could be gone
by the time we get
confirmation of foul play.
Yes. which is
why we need someone now
to compete and investigate.
Wait. Hang on.
Did you say compete?
Interpol said you have
done undercover work.
Well. sure. undercover -
a lab technician.
an accountant -
normal things.
but not ballroom dancer.
Oh. these are not
professional dancers.
They're just executives
and their partners.
not real dancers.
I've never danced
a day in my life.
(sighing)
Look. I really--
I really
want to go with the flow.
but I do not see how I credibly
enter a dance competition.
Oh. you don't need
to worry about that.
We have taken care
of everything.
- How?
- We found you a dance partner.
He'll also play your husband.
What?
I...
(clearing throat)
Great.
(sighing)
(music playing softly over P.A.)
This is Sebastian.
Oh. He looks kind of familiar.
Oh. you like musicals. then?
I do not.
Wait. Where have I seen him?
Ana: In the magazines maybe?
I think he's what
you call "a bad boy".
He has dated many famous women.
No. no. no. that's not it.
But wait. if he's famous won't--
won't he blow my cover?
People might recognize him.
Famous?
Oh. no. no. no. not so much.
These posters are old.
He's more of
a star in his own mind.
(big band music playing)
Leslie! Oh. yes.
Love it. Leslie.
Winifred. attitude - love it.
And yes. yes. yes.
Yes. Come on!
Are you sure this guy can help?
Oh. yes. He has already agreed.
Sebastian: Oh. let me in.
let me in. let me in.
Woman: Oh!
You two are just too gorgeous.
Come on. There we go.
(big band music playing)
Away!
You've told him about the case?
Oh. well. I had to find you
someone who could teach you
to dance and pretend
to be your husband.
and was already in Malta.
Sebastian: That's right. smile!
He's perfect.
(big band music playing)
Here we go!
Okay. everyone.
He can teach you to dance and he
will make a good undercover.
I just can't have him
interfering with my case.
No. no. no.
I'm sure he will just
help with the dancing.
(big band music playing)
Ann!
Up and down!
Up and down! Up and down!
Why does he have
to be my husband?
That is your cover.
We had to set it up quickly.
Interpol got an inside contact
at Aston's head office
through his brother.
the Senator.
They made papers for you that
you are a new employee
hired directly
by Mr. Aston.
and invited here...
with your husband.
Mm. Great. Okay.
Okay. everyone.
you lovely people.
you look amazing.
- Go with the flow.
- Sebastian: Shimmy!
(big band music playing)
Big finale. Gladys.
Come on. Florie!
(big band music playing)
Ah. ladies.
I'll be right with you.
Right.
Okay. everybody. nice work.
Good place to stop. I think.
But remember.
I'm supposed to be teaching you.
not the other way around.
Okay.
Ah. Well. well. well...
My wife.
Mm. hello.
Oh. someone's not looking
forward to this. are they?
How could you tell?
Well. you see. Constance.
dancers read body language.
It's kind of
one of our superpowers.
Bailey.
Everybody calls her Bailey.
I used to have a
second cousin called Constance.
She was great fun.
A bit of a terror
at parties. though.
Huh.
Right.
Shall we see what I have
to work with. Constance?
Bailey. It's Detective Bailey.
Oh. Detective.
Oh. I love detectives. yes.
Aunt Vera and I watched
them all - Starsky and Hutch.
Miss Marple. Perry Mason.
Yes. I've even
played a detective.
Kind of a
detective expert. actually.
Oh. that's great. Columbo.
but I just need a
really quick dance lesson.
Oh. you need
a little more than that.
What's that supposed to mean?
Well. you look like a detective.
and you walk like a detective.
and I'm guessing you'll
dance like a detective.
If you're going to
pull this off.
you're going to have
to let your hair down.
Great.
Literally.
The ponytail's got to go.
Oh. Okay. fine.
Right. yeah.
- I'll just go with the flow.
- Great. That's much better.
Now. come here.
(inhaling sharply)
Big deep breath and...
(exhaling sharply)
...let it all go.
- Let it go. Let it go.
- What is happening?
Shh. It's okay.
Okay. Now. we're going
to start basic frame.
Foxtrot rhythm -
slow. slow. quick. quick. slow.
Okay? And step forward
with the left foot.
And slow. slow. quick. quick.
Hello. foxy.
That's it. to the side.
- Nice.
- Oh. nice. Okay.
Same again. but just backwards.
What?
Backwards. with the right foot.
- Ready?
- Right. right foot.
And here we go.
Slow. slow. quick. slo--
(grunting)
Sorry. Oh. yeah. sorry.
No. no. it's fine.
You're very. very.
very determined.
I'm sorry. I just..
Okay. yes. Uh...
let's continue the lessons
at the resort. shall we?
Um. I am going to get the car
because we have to go
and get our wardrobes.
You okay?
Oh. yeah. No. this is great.
You're doing well.
Yeah.
That was... fabulous.
Okay for me to
leave you with him?
Yeah. sure.
I'll go back to the station.
They should have gotten more
details about the guests now.
I'll bring them to you.
Okay. great. Just text me
where you want to meet.
And what time should
we check in at the hotel?
In time for lunch?
I'll see you soon.
Thank you.
(horn honking)
I knew it.
I knew I recognized you.
Oh. I get that a lot.
No. it's probably from
my many roles in the theatre.
No. it's the plates.
You were the maniac who nearly
ran me over this morning.
Oh. the jaywalker.
You do know they drive
on the left here.
(engine revving)
*
Here are the people closest
to Mr. Aston who matter.
Okay. based on?
Two things: motive -
they are now on the running
to take over the company -
and opportunity -
they all checked in
before Mr. Aston died.
Most of the other
guests arrived today.
We will have more soon.
Interpol are still
gathering details.
Okay. Let's talk backstories.
Now. what do we know about
Sally and her husband?
Wait. Who?
Well. when Sergeant Spiteri
here offered me the gig.
I told her to
check us into the resort
at Stuart and Sally Miller.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
This is not a gig. okay?
This is a murder investigation.
And we are undercover.
We need aliases and backstories.
So. Stuart and Sally?
Did you ever watch
McMillan and Wife?
Stuart and Sally McMillan?
Married...
and solved murders.
Oh. wow. that's great.
You know. why don't you just go
with - I don't know -
Jonathan and Jennifer Hart?
Well. you don't want to be
too obvious. Constance.
That's why
I changed McMillan...
to Miller.
Oh...
(American accent:) Howdy.
I'm Stuart Miller and this
is my lady wife Sally.
(Scottish accent:)
Hi. How are you doing?
My name's Stuart Miller
and this is my wife Sally.
(New York accent:)
Hey. how you doing?
I'm Stuart.
this is Sal. my wife.
What are you doing?
(regular voice:) Oh. I'm just.
you know. finding my character.
What do you think?
Texas? Scottish. East Coast?
Oh. is that what those were?
You know.
I'm just trying them out.
That way.
I can then hone one of them.
Right. You know. but why don't
you just use your regular voice?
Oh. you like
my English accent. do you?
Of the option's available. yes.
*
Darling. isn't this wonderful?
Oh. absolutely.
Thank you.
Reminds me of our honeymoon.
Oh. What do you think?
Time for a ride later?
Oh. yes. maybe later. Mm-hmm.
Seriously?
How are you. Mary?
It's not every day that...
one's husband dies.
(sighing)
Can I do anything?
Wow.
- Thank you.
We've got it from here.
(sighing contentedly)
Oh. wow. look at that view.
Wow.
Oh...
Beautiful.
- (knocking)
- Hello?
- Ahh.
- Hello.
Hello.
It's a stunning view. isn't it?
Both: It is.
Barbara Stone -
Aston International. Welcome.
The last-minute additions?
We just got the paperwork.
I only just joined
the company last week.
but Mr. Aston insisted we come.
But then.
we heard he'd passed and...
I know. and we really
didn't know what to do.
Oh. you did the right thing.
The competition is going ahead.
if you can't believe it.
Does anyone know
what happened to Mr. Aston?
They're not sure.
But you know these
workaholic bosses -
no sense of perspective.
They work themselves
and those around them
into the ground...
literally.
But the competition
is still going ahead.
Mrs. Aston says that's what
her husband would have wanted.
They take the annual company
dance very seriously here.
It's why all senior
executives have to compete.
Anyway.
lunch is in half an hour.
so you have time to freshen up.
I'll see you down there.
Thank you.
(sighing)
Okay. Romeo.
Wow. this is incredible.
Oh. hi.
Welcome to the inner circle.
You'll be seated
at the top table.
- Oh. great.
- Oh.
(phone chiming)
I'll catch up with you shortly.
Okay.
- Ooh. this is the good bit.
- Huh?
The meet the suspects moment.
Someone in this room
is the murderer.
Okay listen. Miss Marple.
let's just have lunch
and leave
the detective work to me.
Oh. absolutely...
partner.
(chattering)
Hello.
Oh. hello.
Hello. everyone.
I'm Stuart Miller and this
is my lovely wife Sally.
Sally. Barbara tells me
you've just joined.
Welcome. I'm Mary Aston.
It's so nice to meet you.
Very sorry to hear
about your husband.
Mary: Oh. thank you. dear.
But Mark would have wanted us
to continue business as usual.
so I'm glad you could come.
If you have any questions.
always feel free to talk to me.
If I'm not at the hotel. you'll
find me down at the harbor.
We have a boat docked there -
the Duchess.
Hang on. You've just joined?
Yes.
How did you get
invited to this?
Mary. thought
the invitations this year
were supposed to be
performance-based.
Tom...
Mark invited them himself.
And my husband here is actually
a very experienced dancer.
Ah. I dabble.
(people exclaiming)
That explains it.
You married a dancer.
That's one way to
get ahead here. isn't it?
Tom. I doubt Sally married her
husband on the off chance that.
one day. she would
get to work at this company.
You never know
what people will do.
Stuart. Sally.
this is Tom Stevens - our CFO.
You'll have to
excuse his behavior.
I'm sure it's just...
shock from
the sad news about Mark.
Tom: Ah. yes.
you're right Jennifer.
Sorry.
Jennifer Tate -
head of marketing.
Pleasure.
It's nice to welcome
such a lovely couple.
We're looking forward
to seeing your moves.
Aren't we all?
I'm Kevin Hamilton -
events director.
Very nice to meet you.
So. where are
everyone's partners?
We can't be the only
married couple here.
Divorcee.
Unmarried.
Happily single.
Um....
Well. I really look forward to
getting to know all of you.
And I apologize in advance
if I bombard you with questions
as I get up to speed.
Bombard away.
we're one big happy family here.
Yes. absolutely.
Maybe we could get some
dancing tips from your husband.
if you're not feeling
too competitive.
Oh. I'm sure he'd be glad
to share his expertise.
No. I...
would be delighted.
Hi.
Um. we're just getting
ready to serve lunch.
Everyone enjoying themselves?
Oh. yes. We're just
telling Stuart and Sally
how we're one big happy family.
Oh.
Well. nothing's more
important than family.
Thanks.
So. who do you
think the killer is?
Can you just stop doing that
thing with your sunglasses?
Yep.
I think it's the wife -
Mary Aston.
What?
She barely said two words.
Yeah. but she wasn't exactly
grief-stricken. though. was she?
Well. some people do
keep things on the inside.
Not everyone
wants to... put on a show.
Maybe. But I think she's
definitely having an affair
with that Hamilton chap.
What?
Oh. hold on. Jessica Fletcher.
What is that based on?
Uh. instinct.
Yeah. something
about their body language.
the way they looked
at each other.
Okay. you've seen way
too many detective shows.
All right. let's do this.
Man on phone: I can't believe
what I'm looking at right now.
No. I'm serious.
That's what I'm saying.
It's beautiful.
You've got to come join.
What do you make
of the new girl?
I don't think
she's a threat.
I wouldn't be surprised if Aston
hired her for her husband.
Never could resist
the cute dancer.
It's one thing
we had in common.
Yes.
Well. Mark Aston won't be
doing any dancing now. will he?
This couldn't have worked out
better if you had planned it.
What are you talking about?
Come on. we both know
how ambitious you are.
Aston's sudden demise
is rather convenient for you.
For me? What about you?
Me?
Look. spare me
the mock outrage. okay?
Neither of us
were fans of Aston.
To be honest.
I wouldn't think any less of you
if you played
a part in his demise.
Quite the contrary.
I suppose with Mark gone.
now you can roll out your new
campaign globally after all.
What a great shop
window for your talents.
You must be delighted.
Almost as delighted
as you must be.
now that you're in line
for the top job.
All right.
We can both benefit from this.
So. let's just try to
watch out for one another.
Okay?
(church bell ringing)
(soft music playing)
How is this helping?
Dancers maintain connection.
You can't feel
self-conscious about it.
We support each other.
we move as one.
Again.
And slow. slow.
Quick. quick. quick.
Promenade.
Slow. You got it.
That's it. You've got it.
Right. it's just.
you know. we're outside.
people are around.
it's kind of embarrassing.
Well. there's going
to be a lot of people
watching us tomorrow night.
Look. connection is critical.
But remember.
dance is happiness.
You've got to feel it. live it.
show it off. and smile.
What if I don't
feel like smiling?
Like. say - I don't know -
I'm in the middle of a
potential homicide investigation
with a crazy Englishman who
thinks he's a TV detective.
Well. like most good things.
dance involves
a little make-believe.
Keeps you from taking
yourself too seriously.
What?
You think I take
myself too seriously?
All I'm saying is keep it light.
And remember.
our expressions tell a story.
Imagine you've fallen in love.
Find that expression
and maintain it
throughout the dance.
And...
*
So. which suspect
should we target first?
Let's just finish
the dance lesson. Poirot?
*
(camera shutter clicking)
(phone dialing. ringing)
Hi.
What a crazy few days.
Anyway.
I've sent you the papers.
I'm getting out of here.
What? Why?
Fine. but I'm charging extra.
Oh. really?
- (clearing throat)
- What are you doing?
Nothing.
On the dock. you said
that we tell stories
with our expressions.
so I was...
I was just practicing.
Oh. And what's the story?
"Help. I need a doctor"?
It's time to start digging.
We need to get to
know our suspects.
You know what. I'm going
to go chat with Mary Aston.
What are you putting
on your face?
Oh. it's a wrinkle mask.
Very useful after a lot of sun.
You should try it.
Why don't you let me
chat to Mrs. Aston?
Sebastian. this is not a game.
There's a potential
murderer at large.
Oh. I know. No. I know.
and I get it. I do.
but there are a lot
of people to question.
Might look a bit weird
if you approach them all.
Just tell me what you need
to know and I will ask her.
I don't know.
Come on. you've seen how easy it
is for people to open up to me.
And besides.
we do need to collaborate.
Collaborate?
Also.
Mary Aston thinks
of you as a clever executive.
She might be more inclined
to let something slip
in front of the dumb husband.
Oh. you do play
dumb very convincingly.
And. that would free you
up to talk to her lover.
There is absolutely no evidence
yet that Kevin Hamilton
is involved with her.
Yet? Let's compare notes
after our chats. shall we?
Look.
if I don't get what you need
from Mrs. Aston. you can
always approach her later.
But this way.
we cover more ground.
See?
Not so dumb after all.
The game is afoot.
Trust me. I've got this
all under control.
(cannon firing)
Thank you. Joy.
That's all for now.
Hello.
Sally. Everything all right?
Hi. Kevin.
Yes. I just wanted to
come over and enjoy the view.
Stunning. isn't it?
- Sit.
- Thank you.
It really is.
It's just incredible.
You seem a little nervous
about the competition.
I'm more than a little nervous.
I'm a lot nervous.
No need to be.
We're going to have fun.
Oh. I hope so.
You know what?
Would you mind if I asked you
just a few questions?
Just to help myself
acclimatize.
Of course. of course.
I'm just going through my list.
Ask away.
So. you've been putting on these
international
competitions for a while?
Ah. yes.
Must have been decades ago
that Mary first asked me
to put something together.
Oh. was it Mary's idea.
not Mark's?
Mary was the driver.
She's something
of a force of nature.
You've known her a long time?
Since we were teenagers.
We used to dance together
in junior competitions.
And then. years later. I heard
from her again. out of the blue.
she wanted to put on
a dance competition in Paris.
Well. we've been doing
international events ever since.
That's incredible.
You know. I was...
I was a little surprised
when I heard everything was
going ahead.
considering Mr. Aston just died.
Life is short. Sally.
We all take happiness
where we can get it.
I don't know how canceling a
happy event would help anyone.
I guess I just
thought Mrs. Aston
might be too upset to go on.
Mary is a very pragmatic woman.
*
Ahoy there!
Oh. hello!
I saw the boat
and I just couldn't resist
coming for a closer look.
Well. boats are nice to look at.
Come and join me.
Don't mind if I do.
What a splendid view.
Mrs. Aston.
Oh. call me Mary.
Where's your lovely wife?
Oh. you know. doing...
lovely wife stuff.
(chuckling)
Between you and I.
I think she's a bit nervous
about the competition.
Aw. no need.
She has you.
Would you like
to sit down. Stuart?
Oh. thank you.
I appreciate that this must
be a difficult time for you.
Your husband?
Oh. yes. Well...
it wasn't entirely unexpected.
He did work himself and everyone
around him to the ground.
It became a bone of contention.
Is Sally a workaholic.
Oh. I wouldn't say that.
Although. I'm sure that
she will work very hard for you.
Oh. it's okay.
This isn't a test.
The fact is I don't expect
or want all our executives
to be work-crazed monsters.
you know?
Although.
we have a few of those.
Ah.
(chuckling)
No. life isn't all about work.
It must have its pleasures.
Hmm.
"No profit grows where
is no pleasure taken."
Shakespeare.
Taming of the Shrew.
Bring us a bottle of Cabernet
Sauvignon. The Heitz. 2014.
So... what other surprises
do you have in store for me?
Hello.
- Oh.
- I got it. I got it. I got it.
Sorry. Thanks.
So. how did it go
with Kevin Hamilton?
Fine.
Turns out he's
quite fond of Mary Aston.
Yes. I knew it.
They've known each other
since they were teenagers.
before she met Mark Aston.
They used to dance together.
and his eyes totally light up
when he talks about her.
and turns out that
she's actually responsible
for getting him this job.
Like. his life kind
of revolves around her.
Oh. Who would have thought?
Okay. Rockford. don't get smug.
It doesn't suit you.
What did you find out
from Mary Aston?
Well. she reminds me of a
casting director I once knew.
Yes. a woman driven
by the pursuit of pleasure.
I think she does what
she wants when she wants.
Really?
Yes. it might have
been Mark Aston's company.
but I get the distinct
impression
that Mary was
the power behind the throne.
I'm not too sure the two of them
are so close anymore. though.
And how do you know that?
Well. she may have said
that she'd welcome
a private dance lesson.
Did she make a pass at you?
Are you jealous?
No! No. of course not.
It's just...
It's just principle. you know?
You don't really
want someone
making a pass at your husband.
even if it's your...
- pretend undercover husband.
- Well. fear not.
Your pretend undercover husband
was completely faithful.
Although. I'm not so sure we can
say the same about Mary.
But that doesn't
make her a killer.
No. but there was
something she said
about Mark working himself
and others into the ground.
It was definitely
a bone of contention.
but I think she was referring to
something more specific.
All right.
we'll see what Ana can dig up.
Right. I guess we'd better
go and get ready.
- Hmm?
- The competition?
We're dancing this evening.
You haven't forgotten. have you?
No. I've tried to.
I poked my head into the
ballroom earlier and...
these people
are not messing around.
Well. neither are we.
Come on.
You'll be good.
I'll be great.
Do you ever get worried?
Not one there's nothing
to worry about.
Come on. partner.
Where did you get this dress?
It's from one of my shows.
Well. I feel like
I should be. uh...
on top of a wedding cake.
You look marvelous.
Okay...
Just remember.
posture and smile.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
(big band music playing)
Oh. boy.
Seriously.
you do look wonderful.
Oh. thank you. Inspector Morse.
but save the Brit charm
for the suspects.
(big band music playing)
Let's welcome our
competing couples.
(audience applauding)
- (applauding)
- Oh. Here we go.
Wait.
What's happening right now?
The presentational promenade.
Just follow my lead and smile.
You didn't say
anything about this part.
Hello.
(audience applauding)
- Oh. Stuart. Sally?
- Sebastian: Yes.
Let me take you
over to the table.
- Thank you.
- Bailey: Thanks.
Just this way.
Just over here.
- Thanks so much.
- You look lovely.
- Thanks.
- Thank you. Barbara.
- Darling.
- Honey.
Barbara: You both look lovely.
Sebastian: Thank you.
Good luck tonight. everyone.
Good evening.
So lovely to have a new couple.
I'm looking forward
to seeing you two dance.
- Oh.
- (all chuckling)
We might have some competition.
Well. that's what
we're here for. Mary.
And to have fun. Tom.
Are you dancing together?
Well. neither of us had
a partner when we joined.
so it's a practical
solution.
And we also enjoy dancing
together. don't we?
Yes. of course.
That goes without saying.
(all chuckling)
I expect the two of you
make a dazzling duo.
Looks. charm. and that accent.
You really landed a good one.
I did.
Welcome everyone.
to our annual
Aston Company dance.
where our senior executives
compete for fun. for friendship.
and to better understand
the business we're in.
one step at a time.
(audience applauding)
This year we are
in beautiful Malta.
where you'll be dancing
in some of the country's
most iconic locations to
better inspire your dances.
And as always.
Kevin has done a wonderful job.
(audience applauding)
Kevin: Thank you very much.
Once again. three judges
will be watching you dance -
Mary. myself. and our new event
liaison Barbara Stone.
(audience applauding)
We'll be looking at a
combination of factors.
I'll be judging skill.
Mary - presentation
and Barbara -
chemistry.
And who knows?
Mary and I may even come and
join you on the dance floor.
(audience cheering)
Thank you. thank you. thank you.
(audience applauding)
Hi.
Will you not
be dancing. Barbara?
I didn't come here to dance.
I'll judge from afar.
So. Tom. are you now in line
to take over the company?
Oh. I-I mean. that is up to
the board and Mary to decide.
But it's a possibility.
as CFO.
Although.
a relatively new CFO.
Oh. what happened
to the former CFO?
He died.
Tom: I thought that was
before you arrived. Barbra.
I heard about it.
Cocktail time.
It's an hour
before the competition.
they're serving cocktails
on the terrace.
Would you like to join?
Yeah?
Sure. yeah.
We'll join you.
(Laughing)
So. when did the former CFO die?
About a year ago. wasn't it?
A heart attack. I think.
Oh. yes.
He was close to retirement.
Days away. I think.
Oh. how unfortunate.
Well. this place
can do that to you.
Mark drives--
drove us all pretty hard.
That's not unique
to this company.
It's a very
competitive industry.
True. but it doesn't hurt not
to take things too seriously.
Don't let this one fool you.
She's as competitive
and as ambitious as anyone.
Tom. that's the nicest thing
you've ever said to me.
(both chuckling)
Mary: Okay. everyone.
It's time to foxtrot!
Shall we?
I guess so.
*
Lovely.
Just remember the rhythm.
And... That's it.
You're doing great.
Don't think about it.
It's all I can think about.
I loved how you asked Tom if
he was in line for the top job.
His face.
I think he's definitely
hiding something.
That's it. Smile.
So. are we making progress?
Well. I'm starting to think no
one at our table can be trusted.
Is that progress?
Well. I understand
why Mary's a suspect.
Loveless marriage.
drifted apart.
Kevin Hamilton might
be in love with her.
so that puts him in the frame.
Likewise. the nakedly
ambitious Tom Stevens.
But what is
Jennifer Tate's motivation?
Bailey:
Maybe you can talk to Tom.
See if he'll reveal
anything about her.
I can't tell if they like
or loathe each other.
*
(Clearing throat)
(audience applauding)
Nice job.
Do you think we did enough?
Are you kidding?
We're easily in the top half.
Top three. I reckon.
I think we did okay.
Oh. someone's getting
a little competitive.
No. it's called
maintaining cover.
Oh. really? When was the last
time you had this much fun
on a case?
Okay. stop it. Crockett.
We have work to do.
I want Ana to look into the CFO.
the former CFO. and see if
there's anything fishy there.
and we need to speak with
the maid who discovered
Mark Aston's body.
Hm. Roger that. detective.
Thank you.
Well done. you two.
I knew you'd be
fun to watch.
Careful. Mary.
we don't want to reveal
the judges' thoughts quite yet.
Oh. quite right.
Consider me silenced.
Well. as a judge of chemistry.
I can say it was crystal clear
that you are a very
happily married couple.
Every time you
looked at each other.
your faces just lit up.
Oh.
Um. I think I'm going to go to
the bar and get a proper drink.
Anyone fancy joining me?
I'd actually love to pick
Jennifer's brain about shoes.
I think my heels
are just too high.
I think I'll join you. Stuart.
Great.
Okay.
My feet are killing me.
I have to say. Tom.
I'm rather impressed with
your dance skills.
Oh. it's just pragmatism.
People who dance.
they do better here.
So. I learned.
Two whiskeys please.
Thank you.
Don't tell me you don't enjoy
the dancing. though. Tom.
Well. I enjoy that
I work for a market leader.
If the Aston's
made us play softball.
I would have gotten
good at softball.
(Chuckling)
You and Jennifer do make
a splendid dance couple though.
Well. like I told you.
Jennifer's just
as ambitious as I am.
She must have
been upset. though.
with the death of Mark Aston.
No. They weren't close.
Actually.
she was frustrated with him.
She'd been planning this
new global rebranding campaign
for months. very high profile.
and mark. he wasn't keen.
In fact.
he was stalling her career.
And that's not
wise with Jennifer.
(chuckling)
Thanks for the advice.
I'm really not used to...
Well. I'm not
used to any of this.
It's all a little strange.
isn't it?
But every company
has its quirks.
You'll find your way.
Oh. you and Tom seem to
have worked it all out.
Can I be honest? I don't know
that he really likes me.
Tom doesn't like anyone.
he doesn't find it
an efficient use of time.
Hm. Do you think
he'll be the new boss?
Mm. Well. he wanted to be CFO
and that happened.
and now he wants
to be in charge.
and there's
an opening. so.
Mm. this was
just delicious.
(chuckling)
(music ending)
*
Congratulations to
our wonderful executives.
Your passion for our business
shows itself on the dance floor.
(audience applauding)
Thank you to our
last year's champions.
Steven and Andrea.
You have been
an inspiration to us all.
Thank you.
(all applauding)
Now let's find out the six
couples who made the final!
They are Michael and Claire.
Jeffrey and Rebecca.
Christian and Brenda.
Tom and Jennifer.
James and Simone.
Oh. no.
There's only one spot left.
Wait for it.
And finally.
our newest arrivals.
Stuart and Sally.
Let's give all of them
a round of applause.
(audience applauding. cheering)
And round two will be the tango.
- (cheering. applauding)
- (chuckling)
Congratulations. you two.
Now things get serious.
Challenge accepted.
Yes. Bring it on.
(glasses clinking)
*
(knocking)
Housekeeping: Breakfast!
Alright.
Uh. one moment. please!
(whispering)
Seb-- Sebastian!
(grunting)
Come here. Here. Come on.
Housekeeping: Good morning.
Hello.
*
I feel like I ran a marathon.
Well. you use a lot of muscles
dancing that you're not used to.
There's bound to be a reaction.
Makes sense.
And then there
was the champagne.
I had one glass.
maybe two.
Ooh. that is bright.
Shall I pour coffee?
Oh. no. We'll manage.
Thank you.
Wow.
What a wild few days. huh?
Oh. I know. So crazy.
Yes.
Oh. we heard about Mr. Aston.
Now. we were told that
a maid discovered the body.
It wasn't you. was it?
Imagine! No. no.
It was poor Judy Maxwell.
On her second day. poor thing.
I don't think she'll stay.
So. the last person
to see Aston alive
started just the day before?
Really?
Ana: (knocking)
Hello. Are you decent?
- Oh.
- Oh. hey.
Oh. uh... How was your dance?
Oh. we survived.
How's the research?
Oh. good.
I have a lot of information.
Do you have a suspect?
Too many.
Let's have some coffee.
(sighing)
How are you. Ana?
I'm good. thank you.
How are you?
Oh. very good.
Very impressed
with this one's skills.
On the dance floor.
Ah.
Um. I think I'll go
and take a shower.
unless the two of you need me.
No. I think we got it from here.
Looks like I found you
a good partner.
He's a nightmare.
He thinks he's Sherlock Holmes.
So. who do you
want me to look at?
Alright. from these
background checks.
I want you to
focus on Mary Aston.
Tom Stevens. Kevin Hamilton.
and Jennifer Tate.
Oh. and there's a maid here.
Judy Maxwell.
Do a check on her.
Anything you can find.
I understand.
Oh. and then lastly.
will you look into
the former CFO of the company?
What's his name?
I don't know. but he was CFO
up until his death last year.
Just dig up
anything you can find.
including how he died.
*
You know.
we could cycle on the beach.
There's a bike path.
Too much sun.
too much breeze. people.
It's a more efficient pace here.
Well. a little inefficiency
isn't always bad.
Maybe not for you.
Stuart and Sally were
quite good. weren't they?
He carried her.
They worked well together.
They're not gonna win it. if
that's what you're suggesting.
I just think they
coordinated well.
What are you getting at?
When you were at
the bar with Stuart.
what did you talk about?
I don't know.
The competition. the company.
He asked about you.
And I'm sure
you said nice things.
She asked about you.
Asked what?
How you got the CFO role.
Really?
Mm-hm.
They're a lovely couple.
but they do ask
a lot of questions.
You wouldn't want to be
hiding any big secrets.
I'm going to go shower.
Okay. see you later.
*
Excuse me. is there
any way we could have
a word with Judy Maxwell?
Judy.
Yes.
She's on the breakfast patio.
cleaning up after
the morning rush.
I can call her for you.
Oh. no. That's okay.
We're actually headed that way.
Is everything okay?
Oh. yes. yes. yes.
I just wanted--
wanted to thank her for
a restaurant she recommended.
Very well. Madam.
Thanks.
You lie very well.
You are a constant delight.
Oh. I see what you did there.
Maybe I should be an actor.
How hard could it be?
I think that might be her.
Here. Put these on.
Why?
You'll see. Mr. Actor.
We're collaborating.
Um. excuse me. Judy?
Yes. Madam. Can I help you?
Actually.
I think we can help you.
I'm sorry?
My husband here
is a psychiatrist.
He is?
I am.
Mm. and when we heard
about your whole ordeal.
I mean. discovering a dead body.
he thought you might
need to talk to someone.
Yes. and discovering a body
can be rather traumatic.
I'm fine. Thank you.
Are you sure?
We often find that
shock isn't immediate.
It takes the brain
a day or two to process.
Why don't you tell me.
in your own words.
what happened?
You may find that it's helpful.
Oh. honey.
You have helped so many people.
If I were you.
I would talk to him.
Look. I'm fine.
I just went to the suite
to do turn-down service.
The guy asked me
for some towels.
then he must have keeled over.
Wait. so you didn't
see him fall?
No. I was in
another room tidying.
I thought turn-down service
was just getting the bed ready.
What is this?
No. no. no. It's good to
focus on the details.
You see. that's how we get
to the root of any trauma.
I'm not traumatized. Thank you.
I just want to
get on with my work.
Well. I'm here if
you feel differently.
(sighing)
Well. she didn't want to talk.
No.
Add her to the list of suspects?
Yeah. why not?
Everyone else is on the list.
*
It's me. I know you wanted me
to stay on. but I'm leaving.
No. I don't care.
I got you the papers.
That was the job.
I didn't sign up
to trip over dead bodies.
I'm being psychoanalyzed
by the guests.
Enough is enough.
I don't know.
some doctor and his nosy wife
started asking me questions.
He was tall. dark hair.
English accent.
She was-- Yes. English.
She was American.
Kind of blunt.
(line going dead)
Hello? Hello!
*
So. the tango. huh?
Oh. don't worry.
There's nothing to it.
It's called the walking dance.
Ah. it's basically
walking with attitude.
and you can do that.
I've seen you.
(chuckling)
You know what. Mr. Fancy Pants?
I have a question for you.
Mm-hm?
Why is it that
you're travelling
all over the world
teaching dance to old people?
And cranky detectives?
Well. I guess. I don't know.
When you achieve and certain
amount of fame and success.
it's very easy to get
caught up in. I don't know.
things that don't matter.
See. when I was young I spent
a lot of time with my Aunt Vera.
She basically brought me up.
She is the one
who taught me to dance.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
We used to have
this dressing up box.
and every day I would--
I would jump in
and throw on a costume
and I would
become that character
until the sun went down.
Sounds like fun.
It was.
And a few years ago.
my Aunt Vera got very sick.
I was scared I was
going to lose her.
but she pulled through.
When she did. I realized that
I don't want to
spend any more time
on things that don't matter.
So. I asked her.
How do I know
what I should be doing?
And what did she say?
She said. "If it's not
helping someone else.
then why are you doing it?
Well. she sounds like
a very smart woman.
She is. So now. whenever I can.
I enjoy helping people.
young or old.
Teach them to dance.
move. laugh.
play well with others.
all the while
utilizing my astonishing
crime-solving skills.
Anyway. enough investigating me.
Detective.
It's time for us to tango.
Ready?
(water sloshing)
Why are we in the water?
Because I want you to
forget about your feet.
I need my feet.
I want your feet
to slide and glide
so that we can concentrate
on the connection
of the upper body. okay?
And-- No. See?
Resist me.
Yes. Why did I ever think
that that would be a problem?
Ready? And splash.
Oh. Not me.
Oh. sorry.
And...
*
So. this is the most
important thing to the tango.
This is what I call
"central connection."
We cannot dance without this.
Now. if you lean back.
I lean back.
You lean. I lean.
You lean.
and we never lose connection.
Trust me. I anticipate you.
I trust you. You anticipate me--
Oh. I get it.
Oh. no! Don't let go! No. no!
(splashing)
Sorry! I'm so sorry!
You broke
the central connection.
I-- I understand that.
I'm so sorry.
I am so sorry.
Here. just let me help you up.
- (grunting)
- (laughing)
I'm so sorry.
You did that on purpose.
didn't you?
- I did not. I really didn't.
- Yes. you did.
I wish I could say I did.
but I--
(laughing)
There you go.
- Ready?
- Yes.
And...
*
There you go.
- Hop. I did it.
- (laughing)
(chuckling)
I'm so sorry.
That's it. and here.
And.
*
You good?
Yeah. That was good.
Great.
Alright.
(both laughing)
Hah!
Okay. okay. Lesson's over.
(laughing)
Oh. Mr. Fancy Pants.
*
I saw Sally and Stuart earlier.
What do you make of them?
Hm.
She asks a lot of questions.
Must be ambitious.
He's a good dancer.
But he asks
a lot of questions. too.
He does?
Mm-hm. He came to see me
a couple of days ago.
He's very charming.
Mm.
Mark would have liked him.
You know I almost miss him.
No. you don't.
Does that make me a bad person?
No!
He wasn't a very nice man.
and he didn't make you happy.
He did make me
very rich. though.
Us.
He made us rich.
Not yet. darling.
You still have
one last thing to do
to complete your
part of the deal.
It's all in place.
*
Are you sure you
know where we're going?
Trust me. it's the best
coffee on the island.
It's just down there.
(tires squealing)
Look out!
CBU 89-- 896. 8--
So. you're okay then?
Yes. I'm fine.
thank you.
I think I may have
landed on my hand.
Oh. Ow. Ooh.
Are you okay?
No. I think I. uh.
twisted my ankle.
Well. come on. Hopalong.
I got you.
Okay.
I need some ice on it.
Yeah. ice will help.
Could I get some ice
sent up to the room. please?
Definitely. sir.
Are you okay?
Oh. yes. No. I'm fine.
Just-- Just a--
Just a minor mishap.
Okay. Well. someone left
a message for you.
*
Do you know who left this?
I'm sorry. no.
It was placed on the desk.
I believe.
presumably by
one of the other guests.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Look at this.
"Stop asking questions.
You just had your one warning."
You seem a little
happy for someone
who's just been run over.
Yeah. don't you see?
We've got someone rattled.
I mean. attacking us
is an admission of guilt.
It's confirmation that
a crime is being covered up.
(phone vibrating)
It's Ana.
I have some information for you.
Okay. great. but first I need
you to check out a plate.
You ready?
Mm-hm.
Charlie. Bravo. Uniform.
8-9-6.
Maybe 8-9-8.
It was moving fast.
It's a Mini Cooper.
It's a rental car.
Booked under the Aston
corporate account.
Do you have a name?
No. and we can't get
bank details before Monday.
(groaning)
Alright. what else you got?
Kevin Hamilton
and the widow Mary
were once engaged.
Yup. called it.
You did?
Mm-hm.
Don't encourage him.
Well. he's right.
And he left to go travelling.
A year later.
she married Mark Aston.
So. Mary was always
in love with Kevin.
What about Judy Maxwell?
Not yet. Later today.
and details about
the lost CFO. too.
but I do have something
on Jennifer Tate.
She's well-regarded
in her field.
but she left her
last job very suddenly.
Well. that's interesting.
And nobody had anything nice
to say about Tom Stevens.
Yeah. well.
that's not surprising.
Ana: Yeah. but this is.
He knew Kevin Hamilton before
he joined Aston International.
Wait. what?
Yup. They both are listed as
directors in a shell company
called Madison Holdings
that formed several months
before he joined Aston.
So. Tom Stevens
and Kevin Hamilton
are working together? Ow.
Are you okay?
No. I'm fine. It's nothing.
Call us back when
you have the other details.
Okay.
Okay. let's get you
back to the room.
- No.
- Ah. ah. ah. ah.
Dancers need rest.
especially injured ones.
- (groaning)
- Come on.
*
Okay. I'm going to take a bath
and ice my foot.
get the swelling out.
-and you are going to rest.
-Oh. no. no. no.
There's no way I can sleep
right now. My mind is racing.
Just sit down
and put your feet up.
Just think of it as preparation
for the dance
competition tonight.
Here. Put the TV on.
Fine.
Fine. fine. fine.
(sighing)
Man #1: America. I am so--
Man #2: I know what you think.
You think I'm vain.
You think I'm shallow.
but just look again. darling.
There's more to me
than meets the eye.
You know it's true.
Woman on TV: I don't know
what to think anymore.
This case has got me
upside down and turned around.
Man:
Just play the odds. darling.
It always comes down
to the same three things.
Woman: Oh. I know that.
But why don't you show me
and spell it out?
Power. Passion. Revenge.
The three things
that make a killer.
Power. that fits
two of them for sure.
Passion. well. that puts
a different pair in frame.
But revenge? I don't know.
There's just something
I'm not seeing.
Hm. Perhaps we need to see this
from a different angle. darling.
*
How's your fancy footwork
going to help us now?
Well. it certainly can't hurt.
*
(phone vibrating)
Oh. uh...
(clearing throat)
Ana. hi.
Ana:
I have details. Can we meet?
There's a cafe near
your hotel called Marla's.
We should sit at separate tables
so we're not seen together
by any hotel guests
who might go there.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. Of course.
We'll meet you there.
What?
Were you just
kissing your pillow?
No. Weird.
*
What happened to you?
Oh. it's nothing.
Someone's just getting nervous.
What do you got?
The CFO who died.
it doesn't look suspicious.
His name was James Travertine.
He was 64.
a widower. one daughter.
Do we know how he died?
Heart attack.
And he was just one week
away from retirement.
Yes. we heard that.
He must have been
planning some adventures.
He'd just bought a boat. Look.
*
Funny Girl.
Oh. I love Funny Girl.
Didn't Streisand
win an Oscar for that?
Who's the girl? His daughter?
I think so.
but that's not the big news.
I saved the best for last.
The maid. Judy Maxwell.
she's a spy.
What?
I knew it.
Yes. a spy.
Industrial espionage.
She works for a company
called Grey Circle.
They do corporate
and business research.
Do we know who hired them?
No. and they won't tell us
unless we get a warrant.
but that may take time.
Well. I guess we'll just
have to ask Judy Maxwell.
And we probably better hurry.
We don't know how much longer
she's going to be at the hotel.
Man: See. it's right there.
I told you it's right there.
Excuse me. I need to
speak with Judy Maxwell.
Oh. you just missed her.
She's already
finished for the day?
Uh. no.
She's leaving I'm afraid.
She decided the job
wasn't a good fit.
Do you know where
she is right now?
She was taking her bags to
the elevator for the car park
about two minutes ago.
Thank you.
Do you have ear phones
for your phone?
Yes. why?
You go that way.
I'll go this way.
The car park comes out on the
side street behind the resort.
If we approach it
from both sides.
one of us will see her.
Stay on your phone.
*
I have eyes on Judy.
Bailey: Eyes?
Well. that's what you say.
isn't it?
Sure.
Wait. where are you?
We're approaching
the intersection with
the red telephone boxes.
Alright. I know it.
Sebastian: Where did you
learn to ride a scooter?
Bailey: I started my career
as a traffic officer.
Motorcycle patrol.
Sebastian:
Well. that explains your skill.
She's coming to a stop.
*
(tires squealing)
Sebastian:
Oh. I think she's onto us.
Bailey: Stick with her.
I'll circle around.
Well. you can
add reckless driving
to her list of misdemeanors.
*
Bailey:
Veer closer to the main road.
I'll go straight.
*
Where are you?
Um. we're by the sea.
Bailey: Just stay on her.
I'll cut her off.
*
You okay?!
I'm fine.
Sebastian: Hello.
Fancy a chat?
The local police
will be here shortly.
You have a lot
of explaining to do.
What's this about?
Why were you chasing me?
We know you're not a maid.
We know you work
for Grey Circle.
That's not a crime.
It is when you're obstructing
a murder investigation.
What?
We have reason to believe
Mark Aston was poisoned.
and you were the last
person to see him alive.
Poisoned? I don't know
what you're talking about.
I just cleaned the room.
Spare us the act.
You weren't in
the room to clean it.
What were you there for?
And remember.
anything you say could be
used in evidence against you.
At a murder trial.
Look. I was just hired to get
some papers from Aston's room.
I was to take pictures of them
and email them to the client.
That was it.
but then. as I was leaving.
I saw him on the floor.
I checked his pulse.
but he was already dead.
I assumed he'd had
a heart attack.
There was nothing I could do.
Who hired you?
That's confidential.
Not according to the warrant.
which is on its way.
It was a woman
called Jennifer Tate.
*
(knocking)
Ah. Stuart. Sally.
What a nice surprise.
Come in.
Is this not
a social visit. Sally?
It's Bailey.
Detective Bailey. actually.
and this is my--
Partner.
Detective Moore.
Inspector?
Consultant?
Liaison.
Do you mind stepping out
so we can have a word?
Well. I guess that's why
you ask so many questions.
Can you tell us
why you hired
Grey Circle to break
into Mark Aston's room
on the night
of his death?
I wanted to see Mark's
projections and plans
for the forthcoming year.
Look. I left my last job
because it was a boy's club.
and they kept me out of
the loop in important decisions.
So. when I discovered
that Tom Stevens was
conspiring with
Kevin Hamilton on something.
I-- I was determined not
to be kept in the dark again.
I thought if I could get
hold of Mark's papers.
I would level the playing field.
I mean. I didn't
know he was going to
drop dead of a heart attack.
What makes you think
it was a heart attack?
I just assumed.
He was a workaholic. okay?
And he drove the last CFO
to a heart attack.
So. it would be some
form of karmic justice.
You mean it wasn't
a heart attack?
(chuckling)
I knew it was
too convenient.
Convenient for who?
Take your pick.
The wife in love
with someone else.
That man after his own
slice of the fortune.
The ambitious CFO.
Maybe they're all
in on it together.
We can't comment on
an ongoing investigation.
but we will need to hold you
for further questioning.
and I'm afraid if you spoke to
anyone you could be considered
an accessory after the fact.
and there is the small matter
of you hiring someone
to commit theft.
*
Sebastian: Just going to ask
you to. uh. help me with these.
Sure. Of course.
Oh. nice.
How's the new
strapping on the wrist?
It's much better.
Yeah. it's going to be fine.
I think.
Good.
You ready for tonight?
You mean the competition
or the case?
Well. I know
you'll crack the case.
I wanted to say thank you.
For what?
For helping me
with the competition.
You really are
quite a good teacher.
Oh. Well. you really
are quite a natural.
Okay. now I know you're just
being nice. because--
(chuckling)
--before this weekend.
I hadn't danced in my life.
- Really?
- Yeah.
What about weddings?
School disco? Prom?
I didn't go to prom.
I thought all Americans
went to prom.
It was a very
complicated time in my life.
My mom passed away
when I was 14.
Oh. I'm sorry.
No. I just--
I became very serious. you know?
I had to focus
on serious things.
"Serious things?"
Yeah. like going to school.
getting good grades.
going to college.
It's...
It's why I became
so self-sufficient.
I thought that detectives
had to work with partners.
Ugh. now you sound
exactly like my captain.
I don't know. I've just always
felt like it was best to just
do things myself.
To answer your question. no.
I'd never danced
before I met you.
Well. let's go dancing.
detective.
Let's go. partner.
*
- Sebastian: Oh. hello!
- Tom: Hey. Stuart.
Mary:
Well. don't you look handsome?
Oh. why thank you. Mary.
Likewise.
Thank you.
And Sally.
that is a lovely dress.
Oh. thank you so much.
Oh. but what happened
to your hand?
Oh. it's just a little accident.
It's nothing.
Well. I hope it won't
affect your performance.
You know what?
I actually think it's gonna
help me focus more.
Where's--
Where's Jennifer?
She's been taken ill.
apparently.
which takes her
out of the running.
Still. it's going to be
a very competitive night.
The judges won't go easy
on anyone. will they. Barbra?
Huh?
Oh. no.
(chuckling)
I won't go easy on anyone.
Excellent.
That's what I like to hear.
*
(applauding)
Good evening. everyone.
Well done on making
the final night.
Kevin. will you do the honors?
Absolutely.
Dancers. take your places.
and get ready to tango!
(applauding. cheering)
Musica!
(applauding)
(music playing)
How's your foot?
Is it going to be okay
on the stone floor?
Oh. it'll be fine.
I think this stone
is Travertine.
Now. remember
the central connection.
When I lean. you follow.
And...
Travertine is a stone.
The former CFO who died.
his name was Travertine.
Uh-huh.
What happened to the former CFO?
Heart attack. and he was just
one week away from retirement.
They'd just bought a boat. Look.
*
He died.
Tom: I thought that was
before you arrived. Barbra.
I heard about it.
Who's the girl? His daughter?
Nothing's more
important than family.
They work themselves and those
around them into the ground.
Literally.
Barbra Stone.
She's Travertine's daughter.
She's the one in the photograph.
The mousey girl in
the picture is Barbra?
Wow. and I thought
you made a transformation.
Wait. if Barbra
poisoned Mark Aston.
she shouldn't be left alone
with everyone's drinks.
Let's go.
*
Sebastian: Excuse me. sir.
Bailey: Barbra.
I need to speak with you.
(gasping)
I wouldn't drink that
if I were you.
*
Bailey: Barbra!
Barbra. just stop!
Ouch! Ouch. ouch.
Oh. these women are fast.
*
Barbra. just wait!
(panting)
Come on.
There's nowhere to go.
(panting)
They don't deserve to live.
They killed my father.
They stole our future!
I don't want to
cause you any more pain.
Okay. just come on.
Let's sit down.
We'll talk.
We'll figure this out.
(screaming)
(grunting)
(both grunting)
Bailey!
Barbra Travertine.
you're under arrest for--
for the murder of Mark Aston.
(both panting)
Nice move. breaking the central
connection. detective.
(people speaking over radio)
So. it was all
about revenge. huh?
Revenge and money.
Barbra blamed Mark Aston for
working her father to death.
but also. because he never
reached retirement.
he didn't get the final bonus or
share options he was promised.
That would have
amounted to millions.
which would have
eventually gone to Barbra.
Mm. you know
what they say. huh?
It's always
about the spouse.
Not in this case.
Mrs. Aston was innocent.
Well. innocent of murder.
Before Mark Aston's death.
Kevin Hamilton and Tom Stevens
were conspiring
to position the company
for a hostile takeover.
And Mary was helping them.
She wanted a new
life with Hamilton.
and he wanted a chunk
of the sale money.
And Stevens wanted
the CEO job.
But sharp business
practices aren't a crime.
Are they?
Not in this case.
Alright. you two. I better go
and start the paperwork.
It's been a pleasure
working with you. Ana.
Thank you for everything. Ana.
You're welcome.
(sighing)
What's wrong?
Nothing.
It's just we didn't get
to do the dance we learned.
Follow me.
*
Well. you have to admit.
We make a pretty good team.
Ah. whatever you say. Sherlock.
Oh. I'm glad you agree with me.
my dear Watson.
Wait. hang on.
There's no way I'm the Watson
in this arrangement.
Arrangement?
I was thinking partnership.
Oh. don't start with me.
(laughing)
*
So. now that
you've dazzled Interpol.
where do you think
our next case will take us?
Our next case?
I think I fancy Paris.
London. or Broadway.
(laughing)
Steady there. Benoit.
One step at a time.
*